[HttpClient] More on testing, how to test request, example (#15385)
symfony/symfony-docs: http_client.rst

    // later on if you need to, you can access the response from the stream
    $response = stream_get_meta_data($streamResource)['wrapper_data']->getResponse();

Testing
-------

This component includes the ``MockHttpClient`` and ``MockResponse`` classes to

> use them in tests that shouldn't make actual HTTP requests. Such tests can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use in tests that shouldn't make actual HTTP requests. Such tests can be
```
^ better grammar

> useful, as they are faster and consistent due to not being dependant on
> external service the request would be sent to. In result there is no need to
> worry about the service being online or the request changing some state,
> for example deleting a resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
useful, as they will run faster and produce consistent results, since they're not dependant on an external service. By not making actual HTTP requests there
is no need to worry about the service being online or the request changing state, for example deleting a resource.
```

``MockHttpClient`` implements the ``HttpClientInterface``, just like any actual

> HTTP client in this component. You can use the interface to accept real client
> in your code, while replacing it with ``MockHttpClient`` in the test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP client in this component. When you typehint with ``HttpClientInterface`` your code
will accept the real client in production, while replacing it with ``MockHttpClient`` in the test.
```

Author: As discussed on Slack, `outside tests` is better than `production`, just in case someone confuses it with dev/prod envs.

When the ``request`` method is used on ``MockHttpClient``, it will respond with

> supplied ``MockResponse``. There are few ways to use it, as described below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the supplied ``MockResponse``. There are a few ways to use it, as described below.
```

    $mockResponse = new MockResponse($body());

Testing Request Data
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The examples above describe how to return desired response. What if you wanted
> to also test the request itself? ``MockResponse`` comes with helper methods:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The examples above describe how to return the desired response. What if you wanted
to also test the request itself? ``MockResponse`` comes with a few helper methods:
```

> * ``getRequestMethod()`` - returns HTTP method
> * ``getRequestUrl()`` - returns URL the request would be sent to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``getRequestMethod()`` - returns the HTTP method
* ``getRequestUrl()`` - returns the URL the request would be sent to
```

* ``getRequestOptions()`` - returns an array containing other information about
  the request such as headers, query parameters, body content etc.

Usage example::

    $mockResponse = new MockResponse('', ['http_code' => 204]);
    $httpClient = new MockHttpClient($mockResponse, 'https://example.com');

    $response = $httpClient->request('DELETE', 'api/article/1337', [
        'headers' => [
            'Accept: */*',
            'Authorization: Basic YWxhZGRpbjpvcGVuc2VzYW1l',
        ],
    ]);

    // returns "DELETE"
    $mockResponse->getRequestMethod();

    // returns "https://example.com/api/article/1337"
    $mockResponse->getRequestUrl();

    // returns ["Accept: */*", "Authorization: Basic YWxhZGRpbjpvcGVuc2VzYW1l"]
    $mockResponse->getRequestOptions()['headers'];

Example
~~~~~~~

The following standalone example demonstrates a way to use HTTP client and

> test it in real application::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
test it in a real application:
```

Author: Thanks. The double `:` must stay for code block though.

Reviewer 2: Ah, lacking the RST knowledge
